hi this is raddho here is a place to put
up to date for gold and for money on it
weekly beh
good unfortunately unfortunately
it was predictable i was saying i was titrating
last week that there was the
formation of a disturbing figure
and it's actually this bevel
of blue enlargement in which one puts
well train for which we are good
could expect an exit by the
down statistically and unfortunately
that's what happened I already have you
explained repeatedly that if we
daily technical analysis
work more very very well in
weekly is still some
very useful thing to predict and
anticipate and there unfortunately at the
sitting at the week was anticipated by
technical analysis in addition to ends in
below a moving average of 20
weeks which is bearish in other words
it returns to downward trend
frankly not very good up there
luckily we are in a zone of
important support these gray puzzles that
I already pointed out who was the theater
of the technical rebound of the month of June
when the lowest were made and there
we will revisit this 7.7 tons it's
not good then the technical indicators
are mixed if the mas and always
above his signal he remains
negative moment tom is negative too
but on levels anyway
low what worries me is
stochastic so why because
watch
I already showed you this tutorial is
news when you have the
stochastic that crosses I report I
remind you of the evolved stochastic
between 0 and 100 and he when he in
below 20 it is said that it is in zone
oversold when it's above
90 kg area of ​​purchase and the
stochastic oscillates well and when
cross his signal that sends out
messages in this case when
cross upward its signal it wants
say you have to buy or at least
that we must not sell and when
cross down his signal like
here it means that you have to speculate
the decline or at least it is not
the moment is not the moment
buy
right away where you see signal
of purchase or so of 2 it takes more
sell short is here we have a
other sell signal or signal on
which one should not buy what and
here are some examples a look at the
stochastic cross down here and
then there is a stochastic decline
crossed on the rise it is reported on the gold
and then behind there is a rise and these
downward crossings and gold has
lowered so if I talk about it you'll have it
understood that's because looking at what
is happening on zoome years sees well that the
stochastic just crossed his signal
downward so I read you a care that
means that we have to speculate
down or that means for the most
cautious that they no longer buy but in
anyway it's not good point
so thankfully and I say to myself could
third time thankfully we
are on a support area
important that will allow us to
to offer a minimum of resistance 1 to
bearish but hey it's true that this
is not good now if we look
gold is good things are not not
also look at money slippers
severe enough also a look of it's
always the story of the super take
remember I had reported in time
real that the supertrend was an obstacle
major to go through and unfortunately to
after three weeks of failure we are
gone down definitely it was
last week we confirm this
week with one to a candle underneath
from the 20-week moving average and the
cros the famous crossing of
stochastic here signals a clown a
also found just now so
that's without the effects of the trend
bullish short-term rebounded into
downtrend it really needs
hope that the support area plays its
role because the dynamics is
clearly negative I hope to have you
convinced of the interest of the analysis
technique for tracking gold and silver
I will not fail to tell you when
the uptrend will be back good
evening watch weekly help
next for the update